Update certificates.md (#30588)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/best-practices/certificates.md

Kubernetes requires PKI for the following operations:

* Client certificates for the kubelet to authenticate to the API server

> * Server certificates for the [kubelet endpoint](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kubelet-tls-bootstrapping/#client-and-serving-certificates)

Reviewer: I'd write:
```markdown
* Server certificates for the kubelet
```

Not sure if these are _required_ or just very strongly recommended.

Author: How about just merging the client and server certificates like the front-proxy?

* [Client and server certificates for the kubelet](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kubelet-tls-bootstrapping/#client-and-serving-certificates)

Reviewer: It's more the “requires” on line 22 that concerns me.

Author: I see your point. 

```
* Client certificates for the API server to talk to the kubelets
```

We already have this in the list. If this is required, isn't the server certificate of kubelets also required? I'm not sure if a TLS with only client certificate is possible.

Reviewer: The thing I'm not sure about is whether Kubernetes still allows and supports plain HTTP between the API server and the kubelet.

Reviewer 2: @sftim do we feel like your feedback is binding? Do we want to remove the 'requires' word from the previous statement? Open to alternatives too!

Reviewer: So long as the final page either gets a tech review from SIG auth, or we're otherwise convinced the wording is accurate, I'm fine with however we do it.

Reviewer 3: I agree. What do you think about adding a sentence after the list that links to the kubelet certificate reference page?

> * Server certificates for the [kubelet endpoint](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kubelet-tls-bootstrapping/#client-and-serving-certificates)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Kubelet [server certificates](docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kubelet-tls-bootstrapping/#client-and-serving-certificates)
  for the the API server to talk to the kubelets
```

Reviewer 3: 👋 @dialogbox .
Would you update the link as suggested? Thanks!
